Update docs 6 (#20)
cloudfieldcz/shieldoo-mesh-docs: docs/pages/2_admin/02_users.md

4. Configure the user invitation settings: 
    - __Email__ -  Enter the user's email address you want to invite.
    - __Admin__ - Define whether or not to give the given user network administrator rights.
    - __Note__ - Describe the user. For example, their role in your organization.
5. Click the __Invite__ button to invite users.
6. Check that the given users have been added to the list of users in your network.
7. Monitor the __INVITED__ label to find out whether or not the given users have accepted the invitation:  
    - Label displayed - Invitation still needs to be accepted.
    - Label not displayed - Invitation accepted.
8. Let the users know they can [connect to your organization's network](/connect_me/) as soon as they accept the invitation.

{: .tip }
> - Use the __Invited__ button to only display users who have yet to accept their invitations.  
> ![](../../images/Users02.png)
> - Use the provided search field for specific users by name or email address.  
> ![](../../images/Users03.png)

{: .note }
>If you invite the users in Admin | Expert mode:
>- You can use the _Single user_ or _Multiple users_ option.

> >- You must select a specific Available template card. For more information, see [Access Card Templates](/access_management/#access-card-templates). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>- You have to select a specific Available template card. For more information, see [Access Card Templates](/access_management/#access-card-templates). 
```
